iThis command will commit a snapshot of all changes in the working directory but only includes modifications to tracked files i.e. the files that have been added with git add at some point in their history. Hence, edureka6.txt was not committed because it was not added to the index yet. But changes in all previous files present in the repository were committed, i.e. edureka1.txt, edureka2.txt, edureka3.txt, edureka4.txt and edureka5.txt.
Now I have made my desired commits in my local repository. 

Note that before you affect changes to the central repository you should always pull changes from the central repository to your local repository to get updated with the work of all the collaborators that have been contributing in the central repository. For that we will use the pull command.

Pull
The git pull command fetches changes from a remote repository to a local repository. It merges upstream changes in your local repository, which is a common task in Git based collaborations.

But first, you need to set your central repository as origin using the command:

git remote add origin <link of your central repository>

Git Add Remote Origin - Git Tutorial 8 - Edureka

Now that my origin is set, let us extract files from the origin using pull. For that use the command:

git pull origin master

This command will copy all the files from the master branch of remote repository to your local repository.

Git Pull Origin Master - Git Tutorial - Edureka

Since my local repository was already updated with files from master branch, hence the message is Already up-to-date. Refer to the screen shot above.

Note: One can also try pulling files from a different branch using the following command:

git pull origin <branch-name>

Your local Git repository is now updated with all the recent changes. It is time you make changes in the central repository by using the push command.

Push

This command transfers commits from your local repository to your remote repository. It is the opposite of pull operation.

Pulling imports commits to local repositories whereas pushing exports commits to the remote repositories .

The use of git push is to publish your local changes to a central repository. After you’ve accumulated several local commits and are ready to share them with the rest of the team, you can then push them to the central repository by using the following command:
